+++
title = "Further Research into City to the Underworld"
date = 2026-05-22
template = "quests/page.html"

[extra]
slug = "further-research-into-city-to-the-underworld-further-research"
id = "99991365"
type = "Adventure"
city = "Further Research"
guild_type = "Adventurer"
discovery = "The Door to the Underworld"
skills = [{ name = "Recognition", level = 8 }, { name = "Archaeology", level = 10 }, { name = "Spanish", level = 1 }]
variants = [{ city = "Further Research", guild_type = "Adventurer", id = "99991364", slug = "further-research-into-city-to-the-underworld-further-research" }, { city = "Further Research", guild_type = "Adventurer", id = "99991365", slug = "further-research-into-city-to-the-underworld-further-research" }]
steps = [{ step = 1, location = "Symbol of Fear", action = "The Door to the Underworld... I've heard about it before. Isn't it the cave that if a creature enters it, their soul is removed? It's a useful story to tell to kids when scolding them. If you tell them that you'll take them to the Door to the Underworld, they shut right up." }, { step = 2, location = "Challenge to Danger", action = "Wait, you want to check it yourself? You realy shouldn't. It's not like you've got a reason to go to the underworld, right? I think one of the customers that once came here went near the Door to the Underworld, so just ask him. He's a Turkish Merchant in the city of Athens." }, { step = 3, location = "Underworld Hot Spring", action = "Welcome... Oh, I have a feeling you're not a customer. You want to know about the Door to the Underworld? Don't be ridiculous, what misfortune would make me want to go to such a place? No, the place I went to was the hot spring near it. Hot springs are common around that area. I go there to soothe my body and soul after working hard." }, { step = 4, location = "Effects of the Hot Spring", action = "There is a hot spring quite near the Door to the Underworld, so maybe messengers from the underworld come out to them, too. Although I doubt it does much to dead people. Ahaha! If you're curious, you should go ask the Traveling Scholar in Salonika." }, { step = 5, location = "Scent of the Underworld", action = "Indeed, there are a lot of hot springs near the Door to the Underworld. ...Speaking of which, I hear that the area around the Door to the Underworld 'smells' like a hot spring. It's strange considering that there are no hot springs inside it." }, { step = 6, location = "Die A Lonely Death", action = "It's said that those who enter will die, but I wonder if that's really the case. If we know that they die there, then that means someone confirmed that with their own eyes. How could you check that you die from outside the cave?" }, { step = 7, location = "High", action = "Risk Research- ...Very fascinating. Very fascinating indeed, but I don't want to die. It would be a valuable experience if one entered inside and came back alive though. Oh no, I'm not asking you to go there. But if you do come back alive, please let me know. The location is in the deeper parts of Hisarlik." }, { step = 8, location = "Towards the Doors to the Underworld", action = "It's said that the Doors to the Underworld can be found when walking deeper from the Hisarlik Hill. Search around the area without going too near the Doors to the Underworld itself." }]
+++
